c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.5.tlog
c:\users\juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.5.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
G:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.dll
M:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.FlowControls.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.LayoutAlgorithms.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.0.tlog
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.0.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.xap
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.FlowControls.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.LayoutAlgorithms.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Blacklight.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.FlowControls.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.LayoutAlgorithms.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.0.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.0.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\FJ.Core.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminProd.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Juan\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\FJ.Core.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Markus\Desktop\TP 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminProd.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\FJ.Core.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.FlowControls.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.LayoutAlgorithms.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.0.tlog
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.0.tlog
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Images\a2.png
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminProd.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
F:\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminCenter.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminCategorias.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPerfiles.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisos.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminPermisosxPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\AdminProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildActualizarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarPermiso.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Administracion\ChildRegistrarProducto.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\AdminProd.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\BusquedaProductos.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.g.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.0.tlog
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.0.tlog
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\obj\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Images\a2.png
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.App.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\FJ.Core.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SPVN.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.FlowControls.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\SStuff.LayoutAlgorithms.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Toolkit.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlue.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.ShinyBlue.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Taller Proyectos 2010-I\Desarrollo\SPVN\SPVN.App\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
